
Visulaization created with Titanic Data set based on Tableau.

The sinking of the RMS Titanic is one of the most infamous shipwrecks in history. 
On April 15, 1912, during her maiden voyage,the Titanic sank after colliding with 
an iceberg, killing 1502 out of 2224 passengers and crew. This sensational tragedy 
shocked the international community and led to better safety regulations for ships.

One of the reasons that the shipwreck led to such loss of life was that there were 
not enough lifeboats for the passengers andcrew. Although there was some element
of luck involved in surviving the sinking, some groups of people were more likely to
survive than others, such as women, children, and the upper-class.

This visualization shows the demographics of 891 of the 1317 passengers aboard the
Titanic. The main area we are focusing on is gender, class, port of Embarked and age.
This visualization objective is to, shows complete of analysis of what sorts of 
people were likely to survive


Design: 
In the first Slide, it gives the idea about the data and the survival and death 
percentage and in the later slides the impact of each factors followed by us will
be analyzing who has the highest and least survival percentage combining all the factors.
 -> In this we will exclude the values having Null. 
In this project, we are manly concentrating on comparisons so mostly I preferred bar 
charts. Which explains the comparisons 
easily.
In visualization color plays an important role which makes the viewers attract.  In order 
to maintain consistency, I have 
mostly used the same color throughout the story.

Dead: red
Alive: Light Green
Male: Orange
Female: Blue 
Filters:
1)	As we are mainly concentrating on Comparison of survival chance I have made 
People’s status as One of the primary filter 
which is categorized into survived and dead people.
2)	AGE bin: In order to check which age group has the highest and least survival
rate so I have created bins size of 10 and 
group all the records based on it.
